OPSEXP-3005 Document using specific version of ingress-nginx to avoid breakage (#1278)
Alfresco/acs-deployment: docs/helm/ingress-nginx.md

Reviewer: add an explicit version to helm install command so it's consistent with kind

another idea could be to add a title for the ingress-patch so you can link it from kind and no duplication in the docs.

kubectl get pods --namespace=ingress-nginx
```

> ### Optional patching

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enabling ingress annotations
```

or something more specific, it's not optional if it's required for the charts to work

> Since nginx controller v1.12 or ingress-nginx helm chart v4.12.0 use
> `"annotations-risk-level":"Critical"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since nginx controller v1.12 or ingress-nginx helm chart v4.12.0 it become mandatory to allow annotations on Ingress.
```
